Adds intermediate NYC taxis tutorial (#2451)
timescale/docs: tutorials/nyc-taxi-geospatial/plot-nyc.md

<Highlight type="note">
Times Square is located at (40.7589,-73.9851).
</Highlight>

1.  Connect to the Timescale database that contains the NYC taxi dataset.
1.  At the psql prompt, use this query to select all rides taken in the first
    day of January 2016 that picked up within 400m of Times Square, and return a
    count of rides for each 30 minute interval:

    ```sql
    SELECT time_bucket('30 minutes', pickup_datetime) AS thirty_min,
        COUNT(*) AS near_times_sq
    FROM rides
    WHERE ST_Distance(pickup_geom, ST_Transform(ST_SetSRID(ST_MakePoint(-73.9851,40.7589),4326),2163)) < 400
    AND pickup_datetime < '2016-01-01 14:00'
    GROUP BY thirty_min
    ORDER BY thirty_min;
    ```

1.  The data you get back looks a bit like this:

    ```sql
         thirty_min      | near_times_sq
    ---------------------+---------------
     2016-01-01 00:00:00 |            74
     2016-01-01 00:30:00 |           102
     2016-01-01 01:00:00 |           120
     2016-01-01 01:30:00 |            98
     2016-01-01 02:00:00 |           112
    ```

</Procedure>

## Which rides traveled more than 5 miles in Manhattan?

> This query is especially well suited to being plotted on a map. It looks at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This query is especially well suited to plot on a map. It looks at
```
